hello guys like every Tuesday we come back common from the programs where
we show you some of the best applications and games for sample is
the iphone andoain this week we have made a selection of those that
we have seen that they could interest so that state we start with the
today's program
without food is one of the most used remote control applications in the
world
With this application we can control our PC from any part of the
world whenever we have an internet connection
daza of about 100 tons and is that its creators now carry the application
for android and they do it so that we can download the big ones
warm view consists of a client program that is installed on the phone
cotablet and a server that installs on the pp
through a key we can connect our pc
and bring the screen of this to the mobile
from the we can see and control the tc as if we were doing it
with the mouse was the keyboard
open folder without surfing the internet run programs terral applications
access internal documents everything we do on the pc can be carried
out from the mobile continued to live 2
now we will talk about this album
a game that coming and after being a success apple apple store and that
aims to convert us to literally no bone-breakers
and it is that in this same we have an articulated test doll
different scenarios a very real physics engine and an arrow
modifiable
that we will use as a starting point to find our grandchildren
the goal is to make that after pushing the character from a great height we get
break the largest number of bones
The more posts we break, the more points we will get
is in it offers 3d graphics and the ability to move the screen in
all directions something 42 assured gave his country to receive an amount
efe
we continue with a platform game in the purest style of consoles makes
years
we talk about the pipe and villa a title that puts us in the skin of a ninja
will have to eliminate all enemies that are on their way
we start with a sword but we can increase the arsenal of weapons with
ninja stars
today even unleash the fury of the dragon
the game has a very intuitive controls a jump button one of
attack and a button to make our character run more
at the level of live graphics the thousand track quite achieved is a title
something repetitive but it manages to keep us glued to the screens
for hours the best this artistic style network in almost any
Android phone
its population is cited
two new international incorporations
The best thing about the king is that he allows us to personalize his environment with
relative ease
today we bring you an application with which we can give life to our
desktop using videos as wallpaper
it is indeed a past villela of soccer pri but that is installed in the
phone and access your settings from the change menu
where with double screen
once inside we look for the prodi and enter its configuration
now we select the directory of the videos we promote on the click that
we hope it appears on screen
can be a video recorded with the camera a trailer a fraction of
movie coexisted the equal to lose is your mobile will be more alive than ever
good if all that has seemed to you in today's elections I hope as always
that you liked and remembered that you can visit configurarequipos
dot com
to see all the video programs that we launch for daily greetings